# WebApp-MBTA
 This is the base repo for MBTA project. Please read [instructions](instructions.md). 

## Project Overview
We (Deon & Jonathan) didn't deter much from the set path of the MBTA helper. Even though the instruction were laid out, figuring out the syntax of each extension was the hard part and hours had passed when something was supposed to take 30 minutes. Pretty print was extremely useful with list not being a jungled mess, and helping us select certain aspects of the list. Unfortunately, we didn't get to do part 2 because of difficulties using flask. This is also the reason we made an application instead of a website for our final project.

## Project Reflection
They say that python is something that you can pick up and use easily but this webapp has made me (Deon) inclined to disagree. For part 1, your instructions were good and I started out strong. But when I got to the website of the MBTA API I found myself confused. Specifically on how to format the url the correct way. I'm sure the information was there but there was so much that I was looking at all the wrong places. I don't think I would've figured it out if it weren't for a friend who let me look at their url and ther rest fell into place after that. I feel like this is a common occurence when coding, the coding itself isn't too bad. It's when something doesn't run and you have to find a tiny piece of information as to why, in an entire sea of information. It's the reason why I'm in a love hate relationship with coding. It usually turns into a big time commitment which is no problem with work or a personal project, but starts making me have to cut corners with school assignments. These assignments are great for building up my coding problem-solving skills, which are a whole lot different than regular problem-solving skills if you ask me. And I'm glad because I have a lot more learning to do.

For part 2 I greatly underestimated how difficult using flask and html would be. I remember sitting at my desk 2 hours before it was "due" thinking it'd be just like the "baby flask" we did in class. And then an hour and a half later saying "screw it I'll do it later". I wasn't defeated yet though, I knew I could do it if I'd just taken some time to learn the more advaned flask. Then I ran into a problem where the "baby flask" wasn't even working on my laptop, I was then defeated. This didn't seem like a problem, my other time-crunched coder partner (Jonathan) would do it in time. Then he ran into the same problem. We were both stumped and the project was already late so in college fashion we decided to move on. A big reason I decided to move on was because this is a Babson laptop. There's a scenario where I could spend hours searching for the solution, find it, and then spend even more implementing it for it to still not work; simply because of some wacky thing Babson did to the computer. And I wanted to avoid that. As for what I'd do differently next time; shift more time away from other things and into this class, because that seems to be the brunt of where all the problems are coming from.